# openpos
Local install -------------  First of all, if you're seeing the message **'system folder missing'** after launching your browser, then that means you have cloned the repository and have not built the project properly.  1. Dowload the latest [stable release](https://github.com/opensourcepos/opensourcepos/releases) from github or [unstable build](https://bintray.com/jekkos/opensourcepos/opensourcepos/view/files?sort=updated&amp;order=asc#files) from bintray. A regular repository clone will not work unless you are brave enough to build the whole project! 2. Create/locate a new mysql database to install open source point of sale into 3. Execute the file database/database.sql to create the tables needed 4. unzip and upload Open Source Point of Sale files to web server 5. Modify application/config/database.php and modify credentials if needed to connect to your database 6. Modify application/config/config.php encryption key with your own 7. Go to your point of sale install public dir via the browser 8. LOGIN using   * username: admin    * password: pointofsale 9. Enjoy 10. Oops an issue? Please make sure you read the FAQ, wiki page and you checked open and closed issue on GitHub. PHP display_errors is disabled by default. Create an application/config/.env file from the .env.example to enable it in a development environment.    Note :     1.) The installation is not correct, check your php.ini file:   ******************************************************************      wove finally i got sucess. Thanks . HOW I SOLVE THIS  Changed the following commonds in c:\xammp\php\php.ini file Enabling them all(removing simicolon) extension=php_bz2.dll extension=php_curl.dll extension=php_fileinfo.dll extension=php_gd2.dll extension=php_gettext.dll extension=php_gmp.dll extension=php_intl.dll extension=php_imap.dll extension=php_mbstring.dll extension=php_exif.dll extension=php_mysql.dll extension=php_mysqli.dll extension=php_pdo_mysql.dll extension=php_pdo_sqlite.dll and… extension=php_sockets.dll Then i stop the Apache server and restart them((its important to do this)) i got to access the http://localhost/pos/public/home page and really shouted from happiness. Please it's the best solution for those who are facing php ini problem
